How to measure the noise as a function of temperature and voltages
-------------------------------------------------------

Get appropriate raw & bcd data from the central directory.
    make files with lists of raw images for input; ignore the first frame
    grab headers from bcd's so that I have ra and dec info
    use test data from raw darks we already have.
    	exptime in bcd header or fowlnum and wait in raw header

get/make a mask image of the dark field data. = /IRAC/iwic210/dark_mask.fits
	 do the whole field since we don't know when observations will happen.
	 This is a SExtractor object image
	 0's for all backgroud pixels, >0's for all object pixels
	 is not perfect, but is a reasonabe compromise between covering too much area, and getting all object flux masked

define a good region of the frame to look at, eg., don't use bad data in terms of bad flat fielding effect.
       will just be an image section

for each frame time
    for each sky position
    	 read in (6) raw data images ; ignore the first frame
     	 for all images
              select background pixels based on source mask and based on only a good region of the frame
	      	     will need to do the comparison by ra and dec
		     	  is this going to be a problem with pixels not exactly overlapping the mask image?
     	      measure the stddev within each pixel
	      plot histogram of stddevs of all unmasked pixels
	      	   determine a cut for background vs. bad pixel etc. 
		   	     this shouldn't be so critical since we have masked objects
	      	   measure and print mean, median, stddev,(of the stddev) and 1/sqrt(Q)
	       	        measure these by fitting a gaussian, or just from a straight average for first 2
		    	Q =1/<sigma(i)^2>(i)
			mmm.pro should do this and the outlier rejection in the same step.
 			keep track of medians

		make a measurement of number of hot pixels
		     look at tail of the distribution
		     how will i differentiate these from CR?  maybe brightness

     make a combination of all three positions (18 values per pixel)
     	  repeat the histogram and measurement values

     plot image median of background regions vs frame number for each frame, each position


 
